<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<head>
	<title>Ariel's Domain</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css" />
</head>
<body>
	<div class="topbar">
		<a href="../index.xhtml">home</a>
		<a href="../blog.xhtml">blog</a>
		<a href="../stories.xhtml">stories</a>
		<a href="../links.xhtml">links</a>
		<a href="../contact.xhtml">contact</a>
	</div>
	<div class="contents">
NAME: Celestial Parasite<br />
DATE: 2024-08-25<br />
TAGS: cosmic horror, animate star, apocalypse<br />
In cosmic depths there stood a realm of might,<br />
A civ&#x27;lisation bathed in light.<br />
With knowledge vast, they reached the peak,<br />
Their cultivated servants meek.<br />
<br />
A shielded world, by titans kept.<br />
Their star, source of the life they held.<br />
From universe&#x27;s birth it seemed to shine,<br />
Eternal, vast, a cosmic sign.<br />
<br />
`The star&#x27;s immortal,&#x27; they assumed,<br />
`How else hath it so much withstood?&#x27;<br />
They were correct, to their misfortune,<br />
Yet ignorance had taken root.<br />
<br />
As death approached - the star&#x27;s demise,<br />
The civ&#x27;lisation had devised<br />
A plan to leave their system&#x27;s span.<br />
Their downfall came afore they ran.<br />
<br />
The burning giant, near its death,<br />
Prepared not for its last breath.<br />
Instead revived with newfound might,<br />
It drained the life of all in sight.<br />
<br />
The planet&#x27;s essence it consumed,<br />
With power fresh, it once more bloomed.<br />
Its rays engulfed all of creation,<br />
Not hot, but cold in their sensation.<br />
<br />
The day brought death, a chilling fear,<br />
With withered corpses covering the land,<br />
The remnants faded, year by year,<br />
And in soon time, there came the end.<br />
<br />
A ring of light around their island -<br />
Malevolent illumination found its way.<br />
The dwellers of the night turned silent -<br />
Their suffering became decay.<br />
<br />
With size diminishing, the planet stood -<br />
The last of those that ever could.<br />
The star, uncaring, fed with glee,<br />
A planet vanished, lost at sea.<br />
<br /><br />
<div class="go-back"><a href="../stories.xhtml">&lt;&lt;&lt; back to stories</a></div>
	</div>
</body>
</html>
