<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<head>
	<title>Ariel's Domain</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css" />
</head>
<body>
	<div class="topbar">
		<a href="../index.xhtml">home</a>
		<a href="../blog.xhtml">blog</a>
		<a href="../stories.xhtml">stories</a>
		<a href="../links.xhtml">links</a>
		<a href="../contact.xhtml">contact</a>
	</div>
	<div class="contents">
NAME: The Collector<br />
DATE: 2024-08-25<br />
TAGS: abomination, body horror, cosmic horror<br />
The twelve-legged behemoth stalketh the land, its mountainous form casting ominous shadows over the landscape. It approacheth the city at a deliberate, measured pace. Each footfall resoundeth like thunder. Windows shatter. Walls shake. The faceless, radially symmetrical creature dwarfeth the buildings, its towering form reaching the skies. Panic-stricken citizens flee, yet their attempts prove futile.<br />
<br />
As the creature&#x27;s colossal limbs traverse the terrain effortlessly, all other movement is rendered insignificant. Entering the city, it beginneth its harvest. Capturing humans and animals alike, it incorporateth them into its own monstrous form, melting them into its body as mere decorations. Screams echo through the air as the assimilated beings join the collective mind. The interconnected consciousnesses exchange mad thoughts and images, creating a never-ending feedback loop of incoherent nightmares shared across countless species and forms.<br />
<br />
Before long, the streets empty. The screams of the assimilated, barely-living things drown out the titan&#x27;s footsteps. All that can be heard for miles is the unending, deafening chorus of collective suffering.<br />
<br /><br />
<div class="go-back"><a href="../stories.xhtml">&lt;&lt;&lt; back to stories</a></div>
	</div>
</body>
</html>
